Version-bump-v2.7.10 (#3500)
brainstormforce/ultimate-addons-for-gutenberg: README.md

## Changelog ##

### 2.7.10 - FRIDAY, 22nd SEPTEMBER 2023 ###
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue wherein container background images would not render as intended during site migration.

> 

Reviewer: Please add a changelog for Patch -
* Improvement: Improved Security for the title tag for the PHP render blocks. Props to Patchstack for reporting it privately to our team.

[5:09](https://brainstormforce.slack.com/archives/D03A6L6HSQ0/p1695382783826289)

Author: Done

## Changelog ##

### 2.7.10 - FRIDAY, 22nd SEPTEMBER 2023 ###

> * Improvement: Improved Security for the title tag for the PHP render blocks. Props to Patchstack for reporting it privately to our team.
> * Fix: Container - Resolved an issue wherein container background images would not render as intended during site migration.
> * Fix: Deprecation notice shown on PHP v8.2 and above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improvement: Global - Improved the security for the title tags of the PHP rendered blocks. Props to Patchstack for reporting it privately to our team.
* Fix: Container - Resolved an issue wherein container background images would not render as intended during site migration.
* Fix: Global - Resolved an issue in which a deprecation notice would be shown on PHP v8.2 and above.
```
